The paper is in very good shape, and is very interesting and thorough.  Thank
you very much!  I do have some comments, of course.  Nothing major, I'm going
to go through section by section with my comments.

Abstract:

- "...undetected faint galaxies and wings of brighter objects..."  One
of the things I am very interested in, and do not know and was hoping this
paper could answer: which is more important of these two effects, the faint
galaxies or the wings of bright objects?  Or are they equally important?  Is
this something that could be addressed with the current data used in the paper?

S1:

- I don't know what an "intensity moments apodization filter" is...

- "Neither SExtractor nor FOCAS are user supported".  I don't know what this is
  referring to.

- Thank you for using round numbers for your reference cosmology where it is
  important.

S2.1:

- I believe these data that you're using are _coadd_ calexps, and not
  single-epoch calexps, correct?  Throughout the paper the fact that these
  analyses are run on coadds is not explicitly addressed, which makes a big
  difference when using sextractor, doing units, etc.  In fact, one of my more
  substantial questions involves the units employed.  The units of the DM stack
  coadds are not ADU, and I'm not sure if the units quoted in the paper are
  therefore correct.  When using sextractor on coadds, it can get very confused
  about the discontinuous PSF.  However, I believe the actual runs are done on
  simulations based on the not-great-modeled PSF, and this should be internally
  consistent.

- When quoting object densities, number per arcmin^2 is the "standard" unit.

S3.1:

- Is any star/galaxy separation done at the step when you compute number as a
  function of magnitude?  (On the data side or the sim side?)

- In Figure 5, is it possible to show an overplot of one of the curves from the
  low density region on the high density region plot to see how the sides stack
  up against each other?

S3.2:

- For the apparent bias in half light radius, is this because we have higher
  density or just deeper with better seeing?

S3.8:

- This makes sense to get the sky level and noise which we can't recover
  directly from the coadds (Unfortunately! We should fix this!).  However, the
  units are not actually "gain" because we're talking about coadds here which
  have already been transformed.  This is somewhat of an "equivalent gain", but
  the units quoted here aren't correct.

Figure 9:

- The caption says "the impact of source density (contrasting the top row with
  the bottom)", but the top/bottom is all/bright not anything to do with source
  density.

S4.2:

- "...bright sources are the primary culprits...".  Is this demonstrated here,
  or just asserted?

- As mentioned above, fitting coadd psfs with psfex and sextractor is a world
  of hurt (technical term), but as a reference psf to use for sims should
  probably be fine.

S5:

- Units are not actually e-/pixel.

- "Simulated datasets with faint EBL sources excluded always outperform...";
  "mischaracterization of such sources is the single largest contributor".  So
  is this in conflict to the "bright sources are the primary culprits" line
  from S4.2?

- "Sky misestimation produced by a default sextractor run was reduced by 8sigma
  in the case of a random galaxy distribution".  I'm not sure what this
  sentence means or the 8sigma is referring to.

- "background map level of deltaf = 0.91 +/- 0.81".  Is this significant?

- "Global mean offsets do not tell the whole story...": Just to confirm, is the
  background brightness of the sims 0 flux?  I don't believe this is explicitly
  stated.  And this implies that the sky is always overestimated, and never
  underestimated?  Also, what is the variance of the background for each mode
  of operation?  If the background is truly flat and 0, the variance in the
  recovered background is equally important to the mean, I believe.  I think
  more about the background variance comparison of the different runs would be
  interesting.

- "Default GNUAstro operational modes...".  This worries me that it's removing
  noise and not actually getting to where we need it to be finding the
  _background_.

 S6:

 - The conclusion section is a bit wordy.  This either needs to be distilled
   down, or the section renamed and Conclusions rewritten with a distillation.

   

