    The paper is in very good shape, and is very interesting and thorough.
    Thank you very much!  I do have some comments, of course.  Nothing major,
    I'm going to go through section by section with my comments.

LSK: Thank you, and thank you again for taking the time to read through and
provide comments. It has been tremendously helpful in shaping up the paper and
clarifying our results - very much appreciated.

    Abstract:

    - "...undetected faint galaxies and wings of brighter objects..."  One
    of the things I am very interested in, and do not know and was hoping this
    paper could answer: which is more important of these two effects, the faint
    galaxies or the wings of bright objects?  Or are they equally important?  Is
    this something that could be addressed with the current data used in the
    paper?

LSK: Yes, this can be addressed here - in fact, we've now significantly
restructured the results Section 5 and conclusion Section 6 to hopefully clarify
take-aways like these. In answer to your question, including those typically
undetected faint EBL type galaxies causes resultant background sky level
estimates to be brighter by 7.2-sigma on average. Conversely, switching
from more compact sources to more extended sources with large bright wings
results in sky levels being brighter by 2.4-sigma on average. The third
statistic in this trio is switching from an under-dense field to an over-dense
field, which results in sky levels being brighter by 3.1-sigma on average.

    S1:

    - I don't know what an "intensity moments apodization filter" is...

LSK: Apologies, this is an alternative name for a weighting kernel. We have
updated the text to use this language instead.

    - "Neither SExtractor nor FOCAS are user supported".  I don't know what this
    is referring to.

LSK: This sentence was meant to highlight that neither package is actively
maintained by the community (that aside, the SExtractor source code does exist
on GitHub, but it looks like only a small subset of people are allowed to
contribute to it). Nevertheless, this sentence isn't crucial to this paper, so
we have removed it.

    - Thank you for using round numbers for your reference cosmology where it is
    important.

LSK: Actually, these numbers were input into an original draft at which point we
had planned on referring to physical units later in the study. Our plans
changed, and these cosmological parameters are no longer used anywhere here, so
have been removed. Thank you for spotting this!

    S2.1:

    - I believe these data that you're using are _coadd_ calexps, and not
    single-epoch calexps, correct?

LSK: yes, that is correct, thank you. We have updated the text to refer to
deepCoadd_calexp files where relevant.

    Throughout the paper the fact that these analyses are run on coadds is not
    explicitly addressed, which makes a big difference when using sextractor,
    doing units, etc.  In fact, one of my more substantial questions involves
    the units employed.  The units of the DM stack coadds are not ADU, and I'm
    not sure if the units quoted in the paper are therefore correct.  When using
    sextractor on coadds, it can get very confused about the discontinuous PSF.
    However, I believe the actual runs are done on simulations based on the
    not-great-modeled PSF, and this should be internally consistent.

LSK: This is a good point, and thank you for raising it. Yes, as these are
coadded data, it might not be best to refer to these units as ADUs. We have
switched the language used here and elsewhere in the text to instead refer to
the more generic phrase 'counts'. And yes, you are correct in that the actual
source extraction analysis runs are performed on entirely simulated imaging
using the same PSF we derived from our input coadded HSC data, and so should
therefore be internally consistent as you suggest.

    - When quoting object densities, number per arcmin^2 is the "standard" unit.

LSK: All references in the text and most figure references have been changed to
number per arcmin^2 as you suggest. The one notable exception is Figure 5, which
has been maintained as-is in order for us to more easily compare with the prior
efforts in Ji et al. 2018.

    S3.1:

    - Is any star/galaxy separation done at the step when you compute number as
    a function of magnitude?  (On the data side or the sim side?)

LSK: Not explicitly in this section, no, however, as shown in Figure 5, we do
not directly use any of the detected sources brighter than m=22 mag as inputs to
our simulated imaging. As this is the region where we might expect the impact of
stars to most severely compromise our simulated input catalogues, we felt it was
best to discard this bright-end data and instead use the number counts
extrapolated from the intermediate brightness objects into the bright regime. In
the next section (3.2), we do make use of the SExtractor CLASS_STAR parameter to
remove obvious stars from our analyses there and elsewhere. Due to both of these
steps taken, we believe that we're minimally sensitive to stellar contamination
in our simulated setup. On the simulation side, we do not inject any
stellar-type sources, nor do we attempt to model any stellar-type sources. For
the purposes of this paper, we wanted to focus exclusively on the extended
galaxy-like sources alone.

- In Figure 5, is it possible to show an overplot of one of the curves from the
  low density region on the high density region plot to see how the sides stack
  up against each other?

LSK: early versions of this figure did do this actually, but unfortunately, we
felt that it made an already busy figure a little too busy, and so we removed
it. I attach a copy of this image for your reference, and keen to hear your
thoughts.

    S3.2:

    - For the apparent bias in half light radius, is this because we have higher
    density or just deeper with better seeing?

LSK: in Section 3.2, we speculate that it's the latter. You can see the two
remnant stellar loci stubs clearly sticking out at ~1 pixel and ~2 pixels (even
after removal of 'obvious' stars using the CLASS_STAR parameter), which is
evidence for this kind of bias effect.

    S3.8:

    - This makes sense to get the sky level and noise which we can't recover
    directly from the coadds (Unfortunately! We should fix this!).  However, the
    units are not actually "gain" because we're talking about coadds here which
    have already been transformed.  This is somewhat of an "equivalent gain",
    but the units quoted here aren't correct.

LSK: thank you, this is a great point. We have modified the language used here
and elsewhere in the paper to 'equivalent gain', in addition to the conversion
to referencing generic 'counts' as discussed above.

    Figure 9:

    - The caption says "the impact of source density (contrasting the top row
    with the bottom)", but the top/bottom is all/bright not anything to do with
    source density.

LSK: Thank you, this has been corrected to 'source population'.

    S4.2:

    - "...bright sources are the primary culprits...".  Is this demonstrated
    here, or just asserted?

LSK: this is demonstrated later in the text, but yes, you are correct that it's
too early to assert this here. We have updated this sentence to read:
"Firstly, if extended sources do act to negatively impact sky estimation
routines, then it's the brightest of these sources that will have the largest
per-object impact overall, with their broad wings overlapping a relatively
larger number of secondary objects."

    - As mentioned above, fitting coadd psfs with psfex and sextractor is a
    world of hurt (technical term), but as a reference psf to use for sims
    should probably be fine.

LSK: Yes, I agree that other studies that continued their analysis of the real
data might want to think further on this issue, however, as you mention, we are
only using this PSF to derive simulated imaging, and so we hope that this is
sufficient here.

    S5:

    - Units are not actually e-/pixel.

LSK: we now refer to the use of equivalent gains and counts (rather than gain
and ADUs) - we hope that this clarification in Section 3.8 is sufficient? The
specific units of our results referenced here are of a lesser importance now in
any case, following fairly large edits we've made to the results Section 5 which
instead quote our primary trending result values in either significance sigmas
or magnitudes.

    - "Simulated datasets with faint EBL sources excluded always outperform...";
    "mischaracterization of such sources is the single largest contributor".  So
    is this in conflict to the "bright sources are the primary culprits" line
    from S4.2?

LSK: The results section has been significantly modified, splitting our results
into three subsections and modifying how we refer to our key conclusions. These
changes were made to hopefully better communicate our key results, as you
highlight here. In particular, this opening sentence now reads: "Simulated
fields with faint EBL sources included always return brighter estimated sky
levels than fields with such sources excluded" - i.e., we've removed the word
'outperform', which is a little ambiguous.

    - "Sky misestimation produced by a default sextractor run was reduced by
    8sigma in the case of a random galaxy distribution".  I'm not sure what this
    sentence means or the 8sigma is referring to.

LSK: we now also adopt this sigma significance terminology in the main body of
the text too, so hopefully this result should be clearer without requiring
further explanation. Using the standard deviation of the fainter recovered
sky model map as a baseline measure when comparing two results, we calculate how
much brighter the brighter equivalent sky model is in units of sigma. For
example, looking at our default SExtractor outputs, going from a b-type (bright
only) low-density n=1 region (denlo1b) to an a-type (all sources included)
low-density n=1 region (denlo1a) causes the recovered sky to be brighter by 2.8
e-/pixel, a 3.5-sigma effect. Then, moving from an a-type low-density n=1 region
(denlo1a) to an a-type low-density n=4 region (denlo4a) causes the recovered sky
to be brighter by 0.8 e-/pixel, a 0.9-sigma effect. Finally, moving from an
a-type low-density n=4 region (denlo4a) to an a-type high-density n=4 region
(denhi4a) causes the recovered sky to be brighter by 2.4 e-/pixel, a 1.5-sigma
effect. I hope this makes sense, but please do let us know if there is anything
else you think might be best to add to the text to help clarify these results.

    - "background map level of deltaf = 0.91 +/- 0.81".  Is this significant?

LSK: We have restructured Section 5 to change how our results are presented, and
this sentence no-longer exists. In particular, we realised that presenting
average results for such a broad range of tests didn't make sence using an
absolute unit such as electrons per pixel. What we do now is instead present the
full range of e-/pixel values (the min value and the max value), and the convert
those to sigma-significant levels. This should hopefully allow us to more easily
compare between varying tests presented here.

    - "Global mean offsets do not tell the whole story...": Just to confirm, is
    the background brightness of the sims 0 flux?  I don't believe this is
    explicitly stated.

LSK: this is stated in Section 3.10, however, we have now added explicit
mentions of this in the opening paragraph of Section 3.10 and again in Appendix
C, which hopefully should clarify things.

    And this implies that the sky is always overestimated, and never
    underestimated?

LSK: As per Table 2 (formerly Table 3), yes, all 'a-type' simulated images
return a background sky with a mean level above zero (i.e., the sky is always
over-estimated). The same is not true for the 'b-type' simulated images (with
the faint EBL components removed), some of which do dip below zero.

    Also, what is the variance of the background for each mode
    of operation?  If the background is truly flat and 0, the variance in the
    recovered background is equally important to the mean, I believe.  I think
    more about the background variance comparison of the different runs would be
    interesting.

LSK: standard deviations are given in Table 2 (formerly Table 3) for each mode
and flavour of operation. We do touch upon the variance of the recovered
backgrounds in Section 5, specifically the impact of singular bright contaminant
sources on sky estimation for each mode. This is referenced in the text
surrounding Figure 17, and also Figure 14/16.

    - "Default GNUAstro operational modes...".  This worries me that it's
    removing noise and not actually getting to where we need it to be finding
    the_background_.

LSK: Yes, as shown in Figures 15 and 16, Gnuastro does tend towards bringing in
a lot of noise and merging it into the larger/brighter objects. This
noise-chiselling technique seems to work well for more compact n=1 sources, but
this is a major cause for concern for more extended type sources. We hope that
this issue is highlighted by Figure 20 and its supporting text. Here you see
that Gnuastro over-estimates the flux for de Vaucoulers type sources by upwards
of 10%!

    S6:

    - The conclusion section is a bit wordy.  This either needs to be distilled
    down, or the section renamed and Conclusions rewritten with a distillation.

LSK: Thank you for highlighting this - this is a very fair comment, and one we
have taken on board. The conclusions section has been completely re-written to
hopefully better capture the key results we want to highlight here. Very keen to
hear your thoughts on this rewrite.

LSK: Thank you again for your efforts in reading through this study. Your
comments have been very useful in helping us clarify our key results - very much
appreciated.
